the idea behind this project was we
wanted to try and find a way of bringing
this whole new freestyle area that
Fitness first of introduced to life our
new freestyle area is all about
preparing the body for everyday life
activities we've got the potential to
move in three different directions so
sideways forward and back and twisting
so our freestyle areas that try to
encourage our members to that store
vectors and the idea was really to sort
of do something with Damian who were all
massive fans or nothing who's kind of
known for doing this kind of incredible
acrobatic stuff and it just seemed like
it might be a really nice fit to bring
him into this environment with the new
freestyle equipment they've got in I
thought it'd be nice to me to actually
try and see what I can come up with and
what creative movements I can get I
think the important thing for us was to
try and capture the reactions from other
people in the gym in as genuine a way as
possible so to do that we kind of gone
to a lot of trouble to insert cameras
into the space that hopefully the
regular gym users aren't necessarily
going to spot as soon as you start
bringing out cameras in in view people
will start acting differently so what we
want is a the immediate natural reaction
really excited about Damian coming in he
completely embodies the whole idea
around freestyle he's got the perfect
movement pattern he can twist rotate and
before back jump high print across the
floor he's what everybody should be able
to do so we were keen that we didn't
just bring Damian into this environment
and have him do something outlandish we
wanted it to be something that made
sense with the ethos of the space I mean
you can sort of make your own training
raised you know based on the equipment
that you've been given and you know
there's people here to give you
guidelines and all that sort of and how
actually do the basin movements and then
you can be more creative from there I
think he sort of spent quite a lot of
time himself looking at the objects that
we've got in here working out what he
can do to sort of give them his own
unique damien spin he's also come down
with James those young athletes that he
works with and trained me and him have
known each other since were seven and
eight years old now so I mean we've both
star gymnastics together and we're in
the gym nearly all day every day we're
always together in all ways
so instead of just me being on a piece
of equipment there's more variety that
we can do we can both caught with
different ideas and different ways of
playing and making it fun so above me
here you can see one of the pan and tilt
cameras that we've rigged we've got
three of these dotted about the space
and we've also got three smaller fixed
cameras we've mapped it out so that we
can pretty much follow Damien wherever
he moves in this space and also
importantly we're hunting for good
reactions from people watching what
Damien is doing that's not the whole
point of going for a hidden camera setup
we've got to keep a very low profile and
you've got a big crew it's gonna be a
challenge tomorrow tonight we've been
rehearsing the moves job is he gonna be
doing a sort of a run up into it would
it be snowing quite a bit further back
to see imagine tomorrow is the actual
filming day we've kind of planned out
what we're going to do but we're also
very open to them evolving things on the
day people are going to stop what
they're doing maybe talk to people
around them there's the idea anyway